Added capabilities for Reactor Geometry MeshGenerators (#19950)
idaholab/moose: modules/reactor/doc/content/source/meshgenerators/AssemblyMeshGenerator.md

The `AssemblyMeshGenerator` object adopts much of the existing input structure of patterned MeshGenerators but uses parameters that are more typical for reactor design.

## Block ID Information

The [!param](/Mesh/AssemblyMeshGenerator/background_region_id) and [!param](/Mesh/AssemblyMeshGenerator/duct_region_ids) parameters are used to identify regions within the assembly, that do not belong to one of the constituent pins, that belong to the same block both radially and axially. This functionality is intended for easy identification of regions within the mesh that will have the same properties, such as material assignments, and will assign the region ID to both the subdomain (block) ID and name.

> The user defined ID assignment using [!param](/Mesh/AssemblyMeshGenerator/background_region_id) and [!param](/Mesh/AssemblyMeshGenerator/duct_region_ids) should be given as a single value per axial layer for the background region and a vector, starting from the inner-most duct region, of the IDs for the appropriate axial layer starting from the bottom of the geometry. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user defined ID assignment using [!param](/Mesh/AssemblyMeshGenerator/background_region_id) and [!param](/Mesh/AssemblyMeshGenerator/duct_region_ids) should be given as a single value per axial layer for the background region and a vector, starting from the innermost duct region, of the IDs for the appropriate axial layer starting from the bottom of the geometry. 
```

Reviewer: I dont understand what the ordering is. Is it radial then axial?

Author: Reworded

The automated ID assignment, via the [!param](/Mesh/ReactorMeshParams/procedural_region_ids) option, concatenates the [!param](/Mesh/AssemblyMeshGenerator/assembly_type) and the peripheral radial mesh region number (indexed starting at 0 for the background region) with the maximum number of zeroes separating the two in order to differentiate the regions from regions in pins. In the case that the concatenatation exceeds the type limit, the lowest digits of the [!param](/Mesh/AssemblyMeshGenerator/assembly_type) will be truncated. The same ID will be used for all axial layers in three dimensional meshes.

For example a hexagonal assembly with a type ID of 37 and two ducts would procedurally generate three region IDs:
- A background region ID of 37000
- A first duct region ID of 37001
- A second duct region ID of 37002

If the same assembly instead has a type ID of 65535 the same three regions would be assigned as:
- A background region ID of 65530
- A first duct region ID of 65531

> - A second duct region ID of 65532

Author: After discussing this with @eshemon and the rest of the ANL meshing team, the decision to hard code these values was made in order to provide visibility to the user to be able to easily map block and sideset names to their corresponding id's. We agree that this could result in unintentional collisions. Your proposal of a `get_unique_id` could certainly benefit these mesh generators in some way. However, using something like `get_unique_id`  could also make it more difficult for users to figure out any id remappings that occurred under the hood during the mesh generation stage. For most users of this functionality who would be just using this pin/assembly/core system to build a reactor there shouldn't be any major issue. There is a tradeoff on how to handle both block ID and boundary ids (automation vs. predictability for user) and to complicate things, we are discovering that some codes having particular requirements on numbering, etc. We are working on understanding all the requirements for boundary / block numbering from different stakeholders, so we propose to defer this to be addressed in a future PR. Let us know if this is agreeable.

> - A second duct region ID of 65532

Reviewer 2: I really like the way the `Communicator::get_unique_tag()` method worked out, but I agree that it's not appropriate here - that was for internal ids, not user-visible ids.  If the user has a specific number in mind, then changing that number would be misleading and a potential source of error.

But on the other hand... isn't this truncation feature *also* kind of pulling out the rug from under them?  If I ask for 65535- but I get 65530- instead, I'm going to be in trouble whether the root problem was a conflicting generator or a 16-bit data type.  Simply throwing an error and exiting would be safer than trying to continue in either case.

I don't think it should block this PR, but do we have a separate issue open yet to discuss it?  If so would you tag me, and if not would you open one?  I'm kind of surprised that people want to worry about numeric ids at all - for both boundaries and subdomains we have mechanisms for translating between ids and strings, and the "strings" side of that isomorphism is both easier to work with and harder to cause collisions with.

> - A second duct region ID of 65532

Reviewer: I tried to give ideas for limiting the chances of number collisions, but ultimately Roy's right. This is misleading and a potential source of error. Cant you just make the starting ID a parameter?

> - A second duct region ID of 65532

Reviewer: well parameter wise, procerdual generation is decided at the reactor mesh param level, so it s not great to have that param either

> - A second duct region ID of 65532

Reviewer: Currenrtly, wont we have a conflict between assembly of ID 2 and assmbly of ID 20 ?

> - A second duct region ID of 65532

Author: I think you're right about the possibility of a conflict here between assembly ID 2 and 20. Is the consensus to have the starting value as an input parameter and make it up to the user to make sure there are no conflicts there? Or even an offset parameter that separates the number of block id's between assembly id's that are successively numbered

> - A second duct region ID of 65532

Reviewer: I would rather the first option
But if you want to design a bijective mapping between those IDs that would work for me too

> - A second duct region ID of 65532

Reviewer: Resolving this. 
The solution chosen is simply to store the relevant extra integer IDs for assembly/pin/ring

The `AssemblyMeshGenerator` object also automatically tags all elements in the mesh with the [!param](/Mesh/AssemblyMeshGenerator/assembly_type) using the name "assembly_type_id" and, if extruded, elements in each axial layer are tagged the axial layers using the name "plane_id". The pins composing the assembly are also tagged via [`CartesianIDPatternedMeshGenerator`](CartesianIDPatternedMeshGenerator.md) or [`HexIDPatternedMeshGenerator`](HexIDPatternedMeshGenerator.md), using the "cell" assignment type, with the name "pin_id".

## Exterior Boundary ID Information
The `AssemblyMeshGenerator` objects automatically assigns boundary information derived from the [!param](/Mesh/AssemblyMeshGenerator/assembly_type) parameter. The exterior assembly boundary is assigned the ID equal to 2000 + the assembly type ID and is named "outer_assembly_<assembly_type_id>" (for example an assembly with an assembly type ID of 1 will have a boundary ID of 2001 and boundary name of "outer_assembly_1").

> If the assembly is extruded to three dimensions the top-most boundary will be assigned an ID equal to 201 and the name "top", while the bottom-most boundary will be assigned an ID equal to 202 and the name "bottom".

Author: Different ID values were chosen to separate between sideset id's for the top and bottom surfaces.

> If the assembly is extruded to three dimensions the top-most boundary will be assigned an ID equal to 201 and the name "top", while the bottom-most boundary will be assigned an ID equal to 202 and the name "bottom".

Reviewer: 200's too small. SFRs can have 600 assemblies. 
Let's do 3000, kind of like the exterior.
Or even better make it a required param.

> If the assembly is extruded to three dimensions the top-most boundary will be assigned an ID equal to 201 and the name "top", while the bottom-most boundary will be assigned an ID equal to 202 and the name "bottom".

Author: Will include a parameter `top_boundary_id` and `bottom_boundary_id`

> ## Example Syntax

Reviewer: doc could use a picture for that syntax

Reviewer: yeah

# AssemblyMeshGenerator

!syntax description /Mesh/AssemblyMeshGenerator

## Overview

> This object is designed to be used in the Reactor MeshGenerator workflow, which also consists of [`ReactorMeshParams`](ReactorMeshParams.md), [`PinMeshGenerator`](PinMeshGenerator.md), and [`CoreMeshGenerator`](CoreMeshGenerator.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This object is designed to be used in the Reactor MeshGenerator workflow, which also consists of [`ReactorMeshParams`](ReactorMeshParams.md), [`PinMeshGenerator`](PinMeshGenerator.md), and [`CoreMeshGenerator`](CoreMeshGenerator.md).
```
looks bad on website, makes it title

## Exterior Boundary ID Information

The `AssemblyMeshGenerator` objects automatically assigns boundary information derived from the [!param](/Mesh/AssemblyMeshGenerator/assembly_type) parameter. The exterior assembly boundary is assigned the ID equal to 2000 + the assembly type ID and is named "outer_assembly_<assembly_type_id>" (for example an assembly with an assembly type ID of 1 will have a boundary ID of 2001 and boundary name of "outer_assembly_1").

If the assembly is extruded to three dimensions the top-most boundary ID must be assigned using [!param](/Mesh/ReactorMeshParams/top_boundary_id) and will have the name "top", while the bottom-most boundary must be assigned using [!param](/Mesh/ReactorMeshParams/bottom_boundary_id) and will have the name "bottom".

## Example Syntax

!listing modules/reactor/test/tests/meshgenerators/assembly_mesh_generator/assembly_only.i block=Mesh

> !media reactor/meshgenerators/assembly_mesh_generator.png

Reviewer: these pics are enormous they eat the table of content on the right
use this `style=width:70%` to make them smaller
